FPGA/Computing Platform Reqs (#32)
Capstone-Skynet/Capstone-Skynet.github.io: docs/reqs/reqs.tex

% Begin content
\section{About This Document}\label{section:about}
\subsection{Purpose}\label{section:about:purpose}

> This document outlines the project's requirements, laying out a basis of what is required for the project to be deemed \textit{successful}. In particular, this document outlines expected metrics related to performance, quality, longevity, environmental impact, cost, legality, and safety.

Author: Agreed

\section{Functional Requirements}\label{section:funcreq}

This section outlines the functional requirements of the integrated system.

Functional requirements describes what the project do. It embodies the essential requirements that must be completed in order for the project to be deemed deliverable or successful. The functional requirements include the scope of business rules, legal or regulatory requirements, certification requirements, and external interfacing requirements for the project.

\subsection{High-Level Requirements}
\begin{enumerate}[{NF.HL}.1:]
    \item Computing Platform must perform hardware-accelerated machine-learning.
    \item Computing Platform must be mounted on a drone capable of sustained flight.

>     \item Machine Learning Implementation must implement a novel video processing use-case, such as object detection.

Reviewer: I don’t think machine learning implementation should be capitalized

\subsection{Computing Platform}

> \begin{enumerate}[{F.CP}.1:]

Reviewer: These are non function requirements. The high level requirements would fit well here though (I meant to select line 221-223)

    \item The drone should have systems for low-battery alarm and emergency protocol for low-battery and loss of control radio.
\end{enumerate}

\subsection{Computing Platform}
\begin{enumerate}[{NF.CP}.1:]

> 	\item Computing Platform must be capable of performing a power-on self-test (POST) to ensure communications and video links are established

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	\item Computing Platform must perform a power-on self-test (POST) to ensure communications and video links are established
```

> 	\item Computing Platform must keep its configuration across flight sessions, including if the battery has been detached

Reviewer: Suggest:

...must have persistent configuration using non-volatile memory even in the case of power cut

\subsection{Platform Extensibility}
\begin{enumerate}[{C.PE}.1:]
    \item FPGA must contain at least 60,000 logic elements to provide sufficient on-chip capacity for initial and future machine learning implementations.

>     \item No more than 10,000 logic elements may be reserved for glue logic.

Reviewer: Suggest:

Glue logic must not reserve more than 10000 logic elements
